First, I tried the same settings that were in the source code, a convolutional layer with 32 filters, a pooling layer, 128 hidden layer, with 0.5 dropout. It was horrible, the accuracy was 0.0564. I doubled the filters to 64 but it made no difference.
Then I added an aditional convolutional and a pooling layer, and it was great! The accuracy increased to 0.9431. Next I increased the size of filters to 5x5 in both of the convolutional layers, though the accuracy decreased to 0.9243. I reset the sizes of the filters to 3x3 again. I increased the number of hidden layers to 256 but that didn't help, then I decreased it to 90 and it was a bit better than the highest record I made, the accuracy was 0.9534.
Next I tried to add another convolutional and another pooling layer, and I set this third pooling layer to be 4x4, it had a close result to the previous one. After that I did a lot of tries and changes for almost 4 hours, and eventually, the best I could do is 0.9669 accuracy, with double convolutional and pooling layers, with sizes of 3x3, 2x2 respectively, each convolutional layer has 25 filters. 200 hidden layers, 0.5 dropout.
I noticed that increasing hidding layers and also increasing filters don't always make the result better, and unfotunately this is what I started doing in the begining, but later I realized this fact and fixed what I was doing.
NOTE: note that the result I got before recording the video was 0.9669 wheras when I was recording I got 0.9583, it seems that it don't give the same value for each run, so I hope that won't affect my submition.
Thank you!